feat(api): expose `Resource` class (#8370)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/api-Resource.md

---
'@tauri-apps/api': 'patch:feat'
---

> Exposed `Resource` class which can be extended Rust-backed resources created through `tauri::Manager::resources_table`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposed `Resource` class which should be extended for Rust-backed resources created through `tauri::Manager::resources_table`.
```
